feat: Infrastructure Agent self instrumentation (#7241)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/infrastructure/install-infrastructure-agent/manage-your-agent/infrastructure-agent-instrumentation.mdx

---
title: Infrastructure Agent instrumentation
tags:
  - Infrastructure
  - Install the infrastructure agent
  - Manage your agent
metaDescription: "Use New Relic's APM to monitor the Infrastructure Agent"
---

From agent version [1.24.0](https://github.com/newrelic/infrastructure-agent/releases/tag/1.24.0) you can enable agent instrumentation
and monitor the agent performance using New Relic [APM](/docs/apm/new-relic-apm/getting-started/introduction-apm/). This will allow you
to have a better vision of the agent's behaviour, queues utilization and integrations payloads among others making it easier
to configure and troubleshoot it.

<Callout variant="important">

> Infrastructure Agent instrumentation is in alpha state and transactions, metrics... can change. We recommend to enable it only for
> troubleshooting and not to create dashboards or alerts using its metrics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Infrastructure Agent self-instrumentation is an experimental feature. The instrumented telemetry might change (metrics, transactions, custom events). We recommend to enable it only for complex troubleshooting scenarios. Standard pricing for data ingest applies. 
```

</Callout>

Self instrumentation is disabled by default. To enable it use the configuration option [self_instrumentation](/docs/infrastructure/install-infrastructure-agent/configuration/infrastructure-agent-configuration-settings#self-instrumentation):

```
self_instrumentation: "newrelic"
```

Once `self_instrumentation` is enabled, the agent will report metrics about itself and a new application `New Relic Infrastructure Agent`

> will appear in NR1 APM and you will be able to monitor the agent's:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
will appear in New Relic APM UI showing the following monitoring:
```
